# Soc 165

**tags**: #blueteam #soc

EventID :
115
Event Time :
Feb, 25, 2022, 11:34 AM
Rule :
SOC165 - Possible SQL Injection Payload Detected
Level :
Security Analyst
Hostname :
WebServer1001
Destination IP Address :
172.16.17.18
Source IP Address :
167.99.169.17
HTTP Request Method :
GET
Requested URL :
[https://172.16.17.18/search/?q=" OR 1 %3D 1 -- -](https://172.16.17.18/search/?q=%22%20OR%201%20%3D%201%20--%20-)
User-Agent :
Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64; rv:40.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/40.1
Alert Trigger Reason :
Requested URL Contains OR 1 = 1
Device Action :
Allowed
Show Hint

le payload correspond à " OR 1 = 1 -- - une fois l'url décodée

The IP 167.99.169.17 is known as malicious by virus total and known for brutforcing

The end point targerted is our WebServer1001
Hostname:
WebServer1001
Domain:
letsdefend.local
IP Address:
172.16.17.18
Bit Level:
64
OS:
Windows Server 2019
Primary User:
webadmin
Client/Server:
Client
Last Login:
Feb, 10, 2022, 11:12 PM

EventID :

115

Event Time :

Feb, 25, 2022, 11:34 AM

Rule :

SOC165 - Possible SQL Injection Payload Detected

Answer :

True Positive (+5 Point)

Playbook Answers :

Do You Need Tier 2 Escalation? (+5 Point)

Was the Attack Successful? (+5 Point)

What Is the Direction of Traffic? (+5 Point)

Check If It Is a Planned Test (+5 Point)

What Is The Attack Type? (+5 Point)

Is Traffic Malicious? (+5 Point)

Analyst Note :

sqli attempt on our web server without compromised endpoint

Editor Note :

We put the Requested URL into URL Decoding and find the payload sent by the attacker.

After URL Decoding, it has been confirmed that it is SQL Injection.

When we filtered by source address from the Log Management page, we saw other requests made. When the requests were examined, we saw that all of them were related to the SQL Injection vulnerability.

When the Response size of all requests is examined, it is seen that they are all the same and the response status is 500.

The SQL Injection attack is unsuccessful, as there will be different response sizes and 200 response status, it seems that the attack was not successful.
